IMPORTANT:  PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING CIENA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. SOFTWARE, HARDWARE OR DOCUMENTATION (COLLECTIVELY, "THE EQUIPMENT.")CIENA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. SOFTWARE LICENSEBY INSTALLING OR USING THE EQUIPMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  1.  Right to License; Restrictions. Subject to these terms, and the payment of all applicable license fees, Ciena grants to you, as end user, a non-exclusive license to use the Ciena software excluding open source components (the "Software") in object code form solely in connection with, and as embedded within, the Equipment,. You shall have the right to use the Software solely for your own internal use and benefit.You may make one copy of the Software and documentation solely for backup and archival purposes.Ciena does not place any restrictions on the open source components that may be distributed along with the Software. Any applicable open source licenses will be distributed to recipient separately.Customer is granted no title or ownership rights in or to the Software or any copies thereof, in whole or in part, and Customer acknowledges that title to the Software and any copies thereof and to all copyrights, patents, trade secrets and any other intellectual property rights to and in the Software and associated documentation are and shall remain the property of Ciena.The Software contains "trade secrets" of Ciena. Such trade secrets include, without limitation, the specific design, structure and logic of individual Software programs, their interactions with other portions of the Software, both internal and external, and the programming techniques employed. In order to maintain the trade secret status of the information contained within the Software, the Software is licensed to Customer in object code form only.You acknowledge that this license is subject to Section 365 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and requires Ciena's consent to any assignment related to a bankruptcy proceeding. Sole title to the Software and documentation, to any derivative works, and to any associated patents and copyrights, remains with Ciena or its licensors. Ciena reserves to itself and its licensors all rights in the Software and documentation not expressly granted to you. You shall preserve intact any notice of copyright, trademark, logo, legend or other notice of ownership from any original or copies of the Software or documentation.Customer shall:	1. Hold the Software in confidence for the benefit of Ciena using no less a degree of care than it uses to protect its own confidential and valuable information of similar nature but not less than a reasonable degree of care;	2. Keep a current record of the location of each copy of the Software made by Customer;	3. Use the Software only in accordance with the authorized usage level;	4. Affix to each copy of the Software made by Customer, in the same form and location, a reproduction of the copyright notices, trademarks, and all other proprietary legends and/or logos of Ciena, appearing on the original copy of the Software delivered to Customer; and retain the same without alteration on all original copies;	5. Issue instructions to Customers authorized employees, agents, and/or representatives to whom Software is disclosed, advising them of the confidential nature of the Software and provide them with a summary of the requirements of this License; and	6. Upon termination of this License, or in the event designated hardware is no longer in use, return or destroy all copies of the Software and associated documentation.Customer shall not:	1. Use the Software a) for any purpose other than Customer's own internal business purposes; and b) other than as provided by this License;	2. Allow anyone other than Customer's authorized employees, agents and/or representatives who need to use the Software in connection with Customer's rights or obligations under this License to have physical access to the Software;	3. Make any copies of the Software except such limited number of copies, in machine readable form only, as may be reasonably necessary for execution in accordance with the authorized usage level or for archival purposes only;	4. Make any modifications, enhancements, adaptations, derivative works, or translations to or of the Software, except as may result from those Customer interactions with the Software associated with normal use and explained and permitted in the associated documentation;	5. Reverse engineer, disassemble, reverse translate, decompile, or in any other manner decode the Software in order to derive the source code form or for any other reason;	6. Make full or partial copies of the associated documentation or other printed or machine-readable matter provided with the Software unless the same has been supplied by Ciena in a form intended for reproduction; or	7. Export or re-export the Software and/or associated documentation by downloading or otherwise from the country where Customer acquired the License to use the Software.2.  Audit:  Upon Ciena's reasonable request, but not more frequently than annually without reasonable cause, you shall permit Ciena to audit the use of the Software at such times as may be mutually agreed upon to ensure compliance with this Agreement.  3.  Confidentiality.  You agree that you will receive confidential or proprietary information ("Confidential Information") in connection with the purchase, deployment and use of the Equipment.  You will not disclose Confidential Information to any third party without prior written consent of Ciena, will use it only for purposes for which it was disclosed, use your best efforts to prevent and protect the contents of the Software from unauthorized disclosure or use, and must treat it with the same degree of care as you do your own similar information, but with no less than reasonable care. You acknowledge that the design and structure of the Software constitute trade secrets and/or copyrighted materials of Ciena and agree that the Equipment is Confidential Information for purposes of this Agreement.4.  U.S. Government Use.  The Software is provided to the Government only with restricted rights and limited rights.  Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions set forth in FAR Sections 52-227-14 and 52-227-19 or DFARS Section 52.227-7013(C)(1)(ii), as applicable.The Equipment and any accompanying technical data (collectively "Materials") are commercial within the meaning of applicable Federal acquisition regulations.  These Materials were developed fully at private expense. U.S. Government use of the Materials is restricted by this Agreement, and all other U.S. Government use is prohibited.  In accordance with FAR 12.212  and DFAR Supplement 227.7202, software delivered to you is commercial computer software and the use of that software is further restricted by this Agreement.5.  Term of License.  This license is effective until terminated. Customer may terminate this license at any time by giving written notice to Ciena and destroying or erasing all copies of Software including any documentation. Ciena may terminate this Agreement and your license to the Software immediately by giving you written notice of termination in the event that either (i) you breach any term or condition of this Agreement or (ii) you are wound up other than voluntarily for the purposes of amalgamation or reorganization, have a receiver appointed or enter into liquidation or bankruptcy or analogous process in your home country.  Termination shall be without prejudice to any other rights or remedies Ciena may have. In the event of any termination Customer will have no right to keep or use the Software or any copy of the Software for any purpose and Customer shall destroy and erase all copies of such Software in its possession or control, and forward written certification to Ciena that all such copies of Software have been destroyed or erased.Customer's obligations to hold the Software in confidence and to otherwise protect Ciena's trade secrets and other proprietary rights in the Software, as provided in this License, shall survive the termination of this License.6.  Compliance with laws. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, including all import regulations, and to obtain all required licenses and permits related to installation and use of Equipment. Software, including technical data, is subject to U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Act and its associated regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. Customer agrees to comply strictly with all such regulations and acknowledges that it has the responsibility to obtain licenses to export, re-export, or import Software. 7.  Limitation of Liability.  ANY LIABILITY OF CIENA SHALL BE LIMITED IN THE AGGREGATE TO THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, MISREPRESENTATION AND OTHER TORTS.  THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION ALSO APPLY TO ANY THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIER OF CIENA. NEITHER CIENA NOR ANY OF ITS THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INJURY, LOSS OR DAMAGE, WHETHER INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOST PROFITS, CONTRACTS, DATA OR PROGRAMS, AND THE COST OF RECOVERING SUCH DATA OR PROGRAMS, EVEN IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE8.  General.  Ciena may assign this Agreement to any Ciena affiliate or to a purchaser of the intellectual property rights in the Software, but otherwise neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned nor duties delegated by either party, and any attempt to do so will be void.This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland (without regard to the conflict of laws provisions) and shall be enforceable in the courts of Maryland. The U.N. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply hereto. This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive statement of agreement between the parties relating to the license for the Software and supersedes all proposals, communications, purchase orders, and prior agreements, verbal or written, between the parties.If any portion hereof is found to be void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. The source code for open source components distributed to an end user is available upon request. 